Fix cc price queries for special assets (#9164)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

Changelog
=========

> * :bug:`9163` Cryptocompare will handle correctly price queries again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* :bug:`9163` Cryptocompare price queries will be handled correctly again. Fixes "the FVal issue"
```
